ETR01SDK-415: Figure out mocking (#368)
tropicsquare/libtropic: docs/for_contributors/code_coverage.md

# Code Coverage
We use two groups of tests: functional (which use the standard HAL) and functional mock (which use the mock HAL only).

To measure total code coverage from both functional and functional mock tests, combine the coverage data. First, run tests with coverage for each group separately using the guides below.

!!! note "Implementation remarks"
    - We do not measure HAL coverage currently, because not all platforms support coverage collection.
    - CAL is also excluded from coverage collection because we cannot mock CFP return values, which makes full coverage impossible without unit tests.

## Running Functional Tests with Coverage against Model

> We support collecting coverage only against [TROPIC01 Model](../other/tropic01_model/index.md). Refer to the [documentation](../other/tropic01_model/index.md) to prepare the model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We support collecting coverage only against [TROPIC01 Model](../other/tropic01_model/index.md) (refer to this link for preparation instructions).
```

To activate coverage collection, add the switch `-DLT_TEST_COVERAGE=1` when invoking `cmake`. Follow these steps:
```shell
cd tropic01_model
mkdir -p build
cd build
cmake -DLT_BUILD_TESTS=1 -DLT_TEST_COVERAGE=1 -DLT_CAL="mbedtls_v4" ..
make
ctest -V
```

After CTest finishes, use [gcovr](https://github.com/gcovr/gcovr) to export results:
```shell
# Execute this from the tropic01_model/ directory!
gcovr --json coverage_trace.json --exclude 'build/_deps/.*|\.\./tests/.*|\.\./vendor/.*|\.\./hal/.*|\.\./cal/.*'
```

## Running Functional Mock Tests
Run functional mock tests on the same platform you used for the previous tests. The tests can be compiled and run as following:

```shell
cd tests/functional_mock
mkdir -p build
cd build
cmake -DLT_TEST_COVERAGE=1 ..
make
ctest -V
```

After CTest finishes, use [gcovr](https://github.com/gcovr/gcovr) to export results:
```shell
# Execute this from the tests/functional_mock directory!
gcovr --json coverage_trace.json --exclude 'build/_deps/.*|\.\./tests/.*|\.\./vendor/.*|\.\./\.\./hal/.*|\.\./\.\./cal/.*'
```

## Merging and Exporting Total Coverage

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Use following command to merge results and export in text format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following command to merge results and export in text format:
```
